CI: migrate Vagrant to Lima (#13728)
containerd/containerd: script/lima/README.md

# Lima scripts

The scripts in this directory run the containerd integration tests inside a
[Lima](https://lima-vm.io) guest (Fedora or an EL distribution, with SELinux
Enforcing by default). They replace the previous Vagrant-based environment,

> and are used by the `integration-lima` job in `.github/workflows/ci.yml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enforcing by default). They are used by the `integration-lima` job in `.github/workflows/ci.yml`.
```

I don't think we need the historical framing here. (LLMs love to add this.)

Author: fixed
